Update proof of reserve robot to 3.1 (#361)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20240617_AaveV3Avalanche_UpdatePoRExecutorV3Robot/UpdatePoRExecutorV3Robot.md

---
title: "Update PoR Executor V3 Robot"
author: "BGD Labs (@bgdlabs)"
discussions: ""
---

## Simple Summary

> Proposal to give new Proof of Reserve Executor V3 risk admin role on Avalanche and register the new robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proposal to re-enable Aave Proof of Reserve on Avalanche, after temporarily halting the system during the Aave v3.1 upgrade.
```

## Motivation

> With the release of Aave V3.1, it is no longer necessary to set the asset's LTV to zero before freezing during the execution of an emergency action on a Proof of Reserve alert. Moreover setting LTV to zero will break the setting of LTV back to normal value on unfreeze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the release of Aave V3.1, it is no longer necessary to set the asset's LTV to zero before freezing during the execution of an emergency action on a Proof of Reserve alert, as the protocol does it both actions in batch. Moreover setting LTV to zero that way would break the "rollback" mechanism (pendingLtv) of LTV back to normal value on unfreeze.
```

> The robot for the updated version of [Proof of Reserve Executor](https://snowscan.xyz/address/0xb94e515615c244ab25f7a6e592e3cb7ee31e99f4) is registered in this proposal and the existing one is being canceled.

Reviewer: Better to remove this from Motivation, as it belongs to Specification

> The new version of the Proof of Reserve Executor is granted the risk admin role.

Reviewer: Same as previous, this belongs more to Specification

> ## Specification

Reviewer: Can you add here a table with the new addresses involved? The new PoR Executor, new robot

Reviewer: Also, I think important in this case (especially to facilitate transparency/review by others) to describe how the 2 actions are planned to be executed sequentially

The new robot would be fulfilled with 15 LINK.

## References

- Implementation: [AaveV3Avalanche - Cancel existing robot](https://github.com/bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3/blob/main/src/20240617_AaveV3Avalanche_UpdatePoRExecutorV3Robot/AaveV3Avalanche_UpdatePoRExecutorV3RobotCancel_20240617.sol), [AaveV3Avalanche - Register new robot](https://github.com/bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3/blob/main/src/20240617_AaveV3Avalanche_UpdatePoRExecutorV3Robot/AaveV3Avalanche_UpdatePoRExecutorV3RobotRegister_20240617.sol)
- Tests: [AaveV3Avalanche - Cancel](https://github.com/bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3/blob/main/src/20240617_AaveV3Avalanche_UpdatePoRExecutorV3Robot/AaveV3Avalanche_UpdatePoRExecutorV3RobotCancel_20240617.t.sol), [AaveV3Avalanche - Register](https://github.com/bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3/blob/main/src/20240617_AaveV3Avalanche_UpdatePoRExecutorV3Robot/AaveV3Avalanche_UpdatePoRExecutorV3RobotRegister_20240617.t.sol)
- [New Proof of Reserve Executor](https://snowscan.xyz/address/0xb94e515615c244ab25f7a6e592e3cb7ee31e99f4)

> - [Snapshot](TODO)

Reviewer: This can be removed, there will be no Snapshot
